Everyone, have you seen the job? Do you have any thoughts?
Your Majesty, is this too much?
He actually let my uncle take charge
Upright and confident
My uncle is going to give a shit about it
Everyone, I'm still here. Save your face.
Brother-in-law, I am waiting for someone to come out. If you want to make trouble, you can say whatever you want.
Don't be so weird, General. It's okay if you don't answer in this life.
I will be away from home and will not be punished.
You think too much. Think about it.
Why did Your Majesty leave the newlyweds in the capital?
Play this general with us
It's really not possible
If we rebel, we may win, but
Left alone is also Guangcuo
It’s hard to know if we don’t let us know
It's too much to look outside and look outside.
After all, we still need to have the respect we deserve.
That’s two months for me
I close the light and break the fruit